# Measuring-Software-Engineering-Report
To deliver a report that considers the ways in which the software engineering process can be measured and assessed in terms of measurable data, an overview of the computationial platforms available to perform this work, the algorithmic approaches available, and the ethics concerns surrounding this kind of analytics.
PDF file attched above

Assignment Description

The report should have four sections.
The first section should be about how one can measure engineering activity. For example, one could look at the structure of code and calculate its complexity. Another example, one could look at the frequency of code commits to try to decide on how productive a software engineer is. These kinds of measures and others form the basis of how software engineering activity can be measured. Your first section should explore and report your findings on this.
The second section should be concerned with the platforms on which one can gather and perform calculations over these data sets. The important infrastructure here is the emergence of utility computering which supports the gathering of large volumes of data, and the processing of this data via algorithms. This infrastructure enables complex and computationally expensive calculations to be performed. Your text in this section should explore what is possible here, and also what specialist infrastructure has emerged to perform various kinds of data analysis.
The third section of your report should be concerned with various kinds of computation that could be done over software engineering data, in order to profile the performance of software engineers. And there are various techniques for data computation, including but not limited to defeasible argumentation of the kind used in expert systems, simple counting, various software engineering algorithms measuring concepts such as coal and complexity, and various machine learning approaches for plastering and analysing data sets. Your section should attempt to set out the landscape here and consider the strengths and weaknesses of various techniques for the problem at hand.
Before section should be concerned with the ethics and legal or moral issues surrounding the processing of this kind of personal data. The core question is whether it is reasonable to perform various kinds of analysis on the performance of software engineers as they go about their work, or whether some of this crosses a line. And your goal here should be to form an opinion that is informed by your prior research and assessment. You may take any view that you like.

It is expected that your report will amount to approximately 10 Pages of normally formatted type the text. There is no page limit, and you may go over this if you wish. It would be highly unlikely that you would need more than 15 pages. If your report is significantly less than 10 pages, you are either have a gift for concise writing, or have not delivered a report of sufficient depth, and only you can decide. 
